fans I are here on the outskirts of
Melbourne and we're joined by
up-and-coming star of the halfpipe
Scottie Jane Scottie thanks so much for
talking to bands like this morning can
you tell us how you got into the
halfpipe well ever since we're really
young my family always just the kind of
thing we did every weekend I started off
skiing when I was about two years old
and then the other night my dad was
always a snowboarder and stories how
I've never enjoyed skiing that much
beside always just unclick my skis and
walk around school at what point did you
kind of think oh I can do something with
my snowboarding as opposed to just doing
it as a casual fun trip to the snow H
yeah I'm always started when I was six
or seven we always went overseas to
Canada every year to be white and I did
this competition called the RIP zone and
we I don't know I just kept doing it and
I started being with some of the
Canadian and we sort of saw that as a
bit of it maybe I should do snow wanting
professionally and yeah and then I kept
going and when I was about 12 or 13
years old I started traveling with
my coach now been brought into our right
and then yeah I just might start going
to Europe and winning all the
competitions and when I was about 14 I
was best junior in the road at this
stage because I want all the pro in the
most prestigious junior competitions in
the world can you explain to us what's
involved in the halfpipe for those that
like a lot of people probably don't know
much about it um will involve so a lot
of a lot of things it's pretty technical
22 foot high today pretty high on top of
that you're going about 18 to 20 foot
out of that so you're about 40 before
you right foot out the ground it's got
to do a few tricks and how technical you
are and how well you land in the
transition and obviously like how you
grab your style and what techniques do
you have to look at and focus on during
training now let's come down
and last year you made the Australian
Winter Olympic team and you're the
youngest male athlete ever to compete at
the Winter Olympics for Australia just
15 years tell us about that experience
and what if what it felt when you got
that call up well I was actually was bit
I was actually in a bit of a downtime
because I knew I was back in Australia
just enjoying a bit of salmon motorbike
riding and things like that
and then I got a call that was it was
pretty unfortunate but then again I was
pretty excited as well to get a shot at
going and so yeah pretty much bit of a
whirlwind experience yeah I was in
shipping it at the time and I'm cold man
she says you can fly out tomorrow and
gotta kind of try to Quebec
yeah really I wasn't excited I wasn't
anything like that I was actually more
than anything
yeah I don't know I like that yeah I
don't know I didn't have much time and
I'd already had about two weeks of snow
so I hadn't prepared for the competition
so I pretty much got on a plane with my
older brother Tim I got there at about
1:00 in the morning to the place and
then I was competing that day what does
it mean representing her country um it's
pretty awesome it's really special
olympics i was actually in vancouver and
the years went by and I got better and
better and then they gave me the
opportunity to try and qualify and then
yeah I just couldn't believe that's
pretty special
now are you sights set on Russia 2014
yeah well I've got a lot of building up
to do before then already say a lot of
gym training and a lot of other
complications I have the well
world championships next year and that's
gonna be a massive massive complication
obviously everyone wants to be crowned
world champion so I guess I'm really
aimed towards that at the moment and 214
is quite a while away but I'm also and
still focusing on the halfpipe yep
well I've heard I'm not totally sure yet
but I've heard that slope style
well definitely we wish you all the best
in achieving that dream of getting an
Olympic gold medals so good luck and
thanks so much for talking to them guys
got any much appreciated thanks a lot